docs/guides/team/join_or_leave_team.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
slug: /join_or_leave_team
---

# Join or leave a team

Accept a team invite to join a team, decline a team invite, or leave a team.

---

Once you join a team, you can do the following:

- Upload documents to the team owner's shared datasets (knowledge bases).
- Update document configurations in the team owner's shared datasets.
- Update the default configurations for the team owner's shared datasets.
- Parse documents in the team owner's shared datasets.

:::tip NOTE
You cannot invite users to a team unless you are its owner.
:::

## Prerequisites

1. Ensure that your Email address that received the team invitation is associated with a RAGFlow user account.
2. To view and update the team owner's shared knowledge base, the team owner must set a knowledge base's **Permissions** to **Team**.

## Accept or decline team invite

Click on your avatar in the top right corner of the page, then select **Team** in the left-hand panel to access the **Team** page.

![team](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0eac2503-26bc-4568-b3f2-bcd84069a07a)

_On the **Team** page, you can view the information about members of your team and the teams you have joined._

![accept_or_decline_team_invite](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a2cb61f-03d5-4423-9ed1-71df97ff4114)

_After accepting the team invite, you should be able to view and update the team owner's knowledge bases whose **Permissions** is set to **Team**._

## Leave a joined team

![leave_team](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/infiniflow/ragflow-docs/main/images/quit.jpg)

Commit message:

Miscellaneous UI updates (#6947)
### What problem does this PR solve?


### Type of change


- [x] Documentation Update

docs/guides/team/join_or_leave_team.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
slug: /join_or_leave_team
---

# Join or leave a team

Accept an invite to join a team, decline an invite, or leave a team.

---

Once you join a team, you can do the following:

- Upload documents to the team owner's shared datasets (knowledge bases).
- Update document configurations in the team owner's shared datasets.
- Update the default configurations for the team owner's shared datasets.
- Parse documents in the team owner's shared datasets.

:::tip NOTE
You cannot invite users to a team unless you are its owner.
:::

## Prerequisites

1. Ensure that your Email address that received the team invitation is associated with a RAGFlow user account.
2. The team owner should share his knowledge bases by setting their **Permission** to **Team**.

## Accept or decline team invite

Click on your avatar in the top right corner of the page, then select **Team** in the left-hand panel to access the **Team** page.

![team](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0eac2503-26bc-4568-b3f2-bcd84069a07a)

_On the **Team** page, you can view the information about members of your team and the teams you have joined._

![accept_or_decline_team_invite](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a2cb61f-03d5-4423-9ed1-71df97ff4114)

_After accepting the team invite, you should be able to view and update the team owner's knowledge bases whose **Permissions** is set to **Team**._

## Leave a joined team

![leave_team](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/infiniflow/ragflow-docs/main/images/quit.jpg)
