docs/guides/agent/agent_component_reference/begin.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /begin_component
---

# Begin component

The starting component in a workflow.

---

The **Begin** component sets an opening greeting or accepts inputs from the user. It is automatically populated onto the canvas when you create an agent, whether from a template or from scratch (from a blank template). There should be only one **Begin** component in the workflow.

## Scenarios

A **Begin** component is essential in all cases. Every agent includes a **Begin** component, which cannot be deleted.

## Configurations

Click the component to display its **Configuration** window. Here, you can set an opening greeting and the input parameters (global variables) for the agent.

### ID

The ID is the unique identifier for the component within the workflow. Unlike the IDs of other components, the ID of the **Begin** component *cannot* be changed.

### Opening greeting

An opening greeting is the agent's first message to the user. It can be a welcoming remark or an instruction to guide the user forward.

### Global variables

You can set global variables within the **Begin** component, which can be either required or optional. Once established, users will need to provide values for these variables when interacting or chatting with the agent. Click **+ Add variable** to add a global variable, each with the following attributes:

:::caution WARNING
If your agent's **Begin** component takes a variable, you *cannot* embed it into a webpage.
:::

- **Key**: *Required*  
  The unique variable name.
- **Name**: *Required*  
  A descriptive name providing additional details about the variable.  
  For example, if **Key** is set to `lang`, you can set its **Name** to `Target language`.
- **Type**: *Required*  
  The type of the variable:  
  - **line**: Accepts a single line of text without line breaks.
  - **paragraph**: Accepts multiple lines of text, including line breaks.
  - **options**: Requires the user to select a value for this variable from a dropdown menu. And you are required to set *at least* one option for the dropdown menu.
  - **file**: Requires the user to upload one or multiple files.
  - **integer**: Accepts an integer as input.
  - **boolean**: Requires the user to toggle between on and off.
- **Optional**: A toggle indicating whether the variable is optional. 

## Examples

As mentioned earlier, the **Begin** component is indispensable for an agent. Still, you can take a look at our three-step interpreter agent template, where the **Begin** component takes two global variables:

1. Click the **Agent** tab at the top center of the page to access the **Agent** page.
2. Click **+ Create agent** on the top right of the page to open the **agent template** page.
3. On the **agent template** page, hover over the **Interpreter** card and click **Use this template**.
4. Name your new agent and click **OK** to enter the workflow editor.
5. Click on the **Begin** component to display its **Configuration** window.

## Frequently asked questions

### Is the uploaded file in a knowledge base?

No. Files uploaded to an agent as input are not stored in a knowledge base and will not be chunked using RAGFlow's built-in chunk methods. However, RAGFlow's built-in OSR, DLR, and TSR models will still be applied to process the document.

### How to upload a webpage or file from a URL?

If you set the type of a variable as **file**, your users will be able to upload a file either from their local device or from an accessible URL. For example:

![upload_file](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7ad2a352-0807-4b74-b8d1-d09e5cd37997)

### File size limit for an uploaded file

The maximum file size for each uploaded file is determined by the variable `MAX_CONTENT_LENGTH` in `/docker/.env`. It defaults to 128 MB. If you change the default file size, ensure you also update the value of `client_max_body_size` in `/docker/nginx/nginx.conf` accordingly.

Commit message:

0321 chunkmethods (#6520)
### What problem does this PR solve?

#6061 

### Type of change


- [x] Documentation Update

docs/guides/agent/agent_component_reference/begin.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /begin_component
---

# Begin component

The starting component in a workflow.

---

The **Begin** component sets an opening greeting or accepts inputs from the user. It is automatically populated onto the canvas when you create an agent, whether from a template or from scratch (from a blank template). There should be only one **Begin** component in the workflow.

## Scenarios

A **Begin** component is essential in all cases. Every agent includes a **Begin** component, which cannot be deleted.

## Configurations

Click the component to display its **Configuration** window. Here, you can set an opening greeting and the input parameters (global variables) for the agent.

### ID

The ID is the unique identifier for the component within the workflow. Unlike the IDs of other components, the ID of the **Begin** component *cannot* be changed.

### Opening greeting

An opening greeting is the agent's first message to the user. It can be a welcoming remark or an instruction to guide the user forward.

### Global variables

You can set global variables within the **Begin** component, which can be either required or optional. Once established, users will need to provide values for these variables when interacting or chatting with the agent. Click **+ Add variable** to add a global variable, each with the following attributes:

:::caution WARNING
If your agent's **Begin** component takes a variable, you *cannot* embed it into a webpage.
:::

- **Key**: *Required*  
  The unique variable name.
- **Name**: *Required*  
  A descriptive name providing additional details about the variable.  
  For example, if **Key** is set to `lang`, you can set its **Name** to `Target language`.
- **Type**: *Required*  
  The type of the variable:  
  - **line**: Accepts a single line of text without line breaks.
  - **paragraph**: Accepts multiple lines of text, including line breaks.
  - **options**: Requires the user to select a value for this variable from a dropdown menu. And you are required to set *at least* one option for the dropdown menu.
  - **file**: Requires the user to upload one or multiple files.
  - **integer**: Accepts an integer as input.
  - **boolean**: Requires the user to toggle between on and off.
- **Optional**: A toggle indicating whether the variable is optional. 

:::danger IMPORTAN
If you set the key type as **file**, ensure the token count of the uploaded file does not exceed your model provider's maximum token limit; otherwise, the plain text in your file will be truncated and incomplete.
:::

## Examples

As mentioned earlier, the **Begin** component is indispensable for an agent. Still, you can take a look at our three-step interpreter agent template, where the **Begin** component takes two global variables:

1. Click the **Agent** tab at the top center of the page to access the **Agent** page.
2. Click **+ Create agent** on the top right of the page to open the **agent template** page.
3. On the **agent template** page, hover over the **Interpreter** card and click **Use this template**.
4. Name your new agent and click **OK** to enter the workflow editor.
5. Click on the **Begin** component to display its **Configuration** window.

## Frequently asked questions

### Is the uploaded file in a knowledge base?

No. Files uploaded to an agent as input are not stored in a knowledge base and hence will not be processed using RAGFlow's built-in OCR, DLR or TSR models, or chunked using RAGFlow's built-in chunk methods. 

### How to upload a webpage or file from a URL?

If you set the type of a variable as **file**, your users will be able to upload a file either from their local device or from an accessible URL. For example:

![upload_file](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7ad2a352-0807-4b74-b8d1-d09e5cd37997)

### File size limit for an uploaded file

There is no *specific* file size limit for a file uploaded to an agent. However, note that model providers typically have a default or explicit maximum token setting, which can range from 8196 to 128k: The plain text part of the uploaded file will be passed in as the key value, but if the file's token count exceeds this limit, the string will be truncated and incomplete.

:::tip NOTE
The variables `MAX_CONTENT_LENGTH` in `/docker/.env` and `client_max_body_size` in `/docker/nginx/nginx.conf` set the file size limit for each upload to a knowledge base or **File Management**. These settings DO NOT apply in this scenario.
:::
