docs/guides/manage_team_members.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 4
slug: /manage_team_members
---

# Team

Invite or remove team members, join or leave a team.

---

By default, each RAGFlow user is assigned a single team named after their name. RAGFlow allows you to invite RAGFlow users to your team. Your team members can help you:

- Upload documents to your datasets.
- Update document configurations in your datasets.
- Parse documents in your datasets.

:::tip NOTE
Team members are currently *not* allowed to invite users to your team, and only you, the team owner, is permitted to do so.
:::

To enter the **Team** page, click on your avatar in the top right corner of the page **>** Team:

![team](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0eac2503-26bc-4568-b3f2-bcd84069a07a)

_On the **Team** page, you can view the information about members of your team and the teams you have joined._

## Invite team members

You are, by default, the owner of your own team and the only person permitted to invite users to join your team or remove team members.

![invite_team_member](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d85b55c3-7e86-4f04-a414-ca18a9ee8963)

## Remove team members

![remove_members](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5c1a6ab5-8862-47a0-ad09-77fe88866508)

## Accept or decline team invite

![accept_or_decline_team_invite](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a2cb61f-03d5-4423-9ed1-71df97ff4114)

Commit message:

Miscellaneous updates (#5670)
### What problem does this PR solve?

#5625 #5614 

### Type of change


- [x] Documentation Update

docs/guides/manage_team_members.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 4
slug: /manage_team_members
---

# Team

Invite or remove team members, join or leave a team.

---

By default, each RAGFlow user is assigned a single team named after their name. RAGFlow allows you to invite RAGFlow users to your team. Your team members can help you:

- Upload documents to your datasets (knowledge bases).
- Update document configurations in your datasets.
- Update the default configurations for your datasets.
- Parse documents in your datasets.

:::tip NOTE
Team members are currently *not* allowed to invite users to your team, and only you, the team owner, is permitted to do so.
:::

To enter the **Team** page, click on your avatar in the top right corner of the page **>** Team:

![team](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0eac2503-26bc-4568-b3f2-bcd84069a07a)

_On the **Team** page, you can view the information about members of your team and the teams you have joined._

## Invite team members

You are, by default, the owner of your own team and the only person permitted to invite users to join your team or remove team members.

![invite_team_member](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d85b55c3-7e86-4f04-a414-ca18a9ee8963)

## Remove team members

![remove_members](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5c1a6ab5-8862-47a0-ad09-77fe88866508)

## Accept or decline team invite

![accept_or_decline_team_invite](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a2cb61f-03d5-4423-9ed1-71df97ff4114)
