docs/guides/upgrade_ragflow.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 7
slug: /upgrade_ragflow
---

# Upgrade RAGFlow
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Upgrade RAGFlow to `dev`, the most recent, tested Docker image

1. Clone the repo

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/infiniflow/ragflow.git
   ```

2. Update **ragflow/docker/.env** as follows:

   ```bash
   RAGFLOW_IMAGE=infiniflow/ragflow:dev
   ```

3. Update RAGFlow image and restart RAGFlow:

   ```bash
   docker compose -f docker/docker-compose.yml pull
   docker compose -f docker/docker-compose.yml up -d
   ```

## Upgrade RAGFlow to `latest`, the most recent, officially published release

1. Clone the repo

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/infiniflow/ragflow.git
   ```

2. Update **ragflow/docker/.env** as follows:

   ```bash
   RAGFLOW_IMAGE=infiniflow/ragflow:latest
   ```

3. Update the RAGFlow image and restart RAGFlow:

   ```bash
   docker compose -f docker/docker-compose.yml pull
   docker compose -f docker/docker-compose.yml up -d
   ```

Commit message:

Added a step to switch tag

docs/guides/upgrade_ragflow.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 7
slug: /upgrade_ragflow
---

# Upgrade RAGFlow
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Upgrade RAGFlow to `dev`, the most recent, tested Docker image

1. Clone the repo

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/infiniflow/ragflow.git
   ```

2. Update **ragflow/docker/.env** as follows:

   ```bash
   RAGFLOW_IMAGE=infiniflow/ragflow:dev
   ```

3. Update RAGFlow image and restart RAGFlow:

   ```bash
   docker compose -f docker/docker-compose.yml pull
   docker compose -f docker/docker-compose.yml up -d
   ```

## Upgrade RAGFlow to `latest`, the most recent, officially published release

1. Clone the repo

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/infiniflow/ragflow.git
   ```

2. Switch to the latest, officially published release, e.g., `v0.13.0`:

   ```bash
   git checkout v0.13.0
   ```

3. Update **ragflow/docker/.env** as follows:

   ```bash
   RAGFLOW_IMAGE=infiniflow/ragflow:latest
   ```

4. Update the RAGFlow image and restart RAGFlow:

   ```bash
   docker compose -f docker/docker-compose.yml pull
   docker compose -f docker/docker-compose.yml up -d
   ```
