docs/references/supported_models.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 0
slug: /supported_models
---

# Supported models
import APITable from '../../src/components/APITable';

A complete list of models supported by RAGFlow, which will continue to expand.

```mdx-code-block
<APITable>
```

| Provider              | Chat               | Embedding          | Rerank             | Multi-modal        | ASR/STT            | TTS                |
| --------------------- | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ |
| Anthropic             | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Azure-OpenAI          | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |
| BAAI                  |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |
| BaiChuan              | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| BaiduYiyan            | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| Bedrock               | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| cohere                | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| DeepSeek              | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| FastEmbed             |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Fish Audio            |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Gemini                | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| Google Cloud          | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Groq                  | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| HuggingFace           | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Jina                  |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |
| LeptonAI              | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| LocalAI               | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| LM-Studio             | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| MiniMax               | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Mistral               | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Moonshot              | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| novita.ai             | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| NVIDIA                | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| Ollama                | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| OpenAI                | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| OpenAI-API-Compatible | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| OpenRouter            | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| PerfXCloud            | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Replicate             | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| SILICONFLOW           | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| StepFun               | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Tencent Hunyuan       | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Tencent Cloud         |                    |                    |                    |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |
| TogetherAI            | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| Tongyi-Qianwen        | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Upstage               | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| VolcEngine            | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Voyage AI             |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| Xinference            | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| XunFei Spark          | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Youdao                |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |
| ZHIPU-AI              | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| 01.AI                 | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |

```mdx-code-block
</APITable>
```

Commit message:

Editorial updates to Docker README (#3223)
### What problem does this PR solve?



### Type of change


- [x] Documentation Update

docs/references/supported_models.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 0
slug: /supported_models
---

# Supported models
import APITable from '../../src/components/APITable';

A complete list of models supported by RAGFlow, which will continue to expand.

```mdx-code-block
<APITable>
```

| Provider              | Chat               | Embedding          | Rerank             | Multimodal         | ASR                | TTS                |
| --------------------- | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ |
| Anthropic             | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Azure-OpenAI          | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |
| BAAI                  |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |
| BaiChuan              | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| BaiduYiyan            | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| Bedrock               | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Cohere                | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| DeepSeek              | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| FastEmbed             |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Fish Audio            |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Gemini                | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| Google Cloud          | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Groq                  | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| HuggingFace           | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Jina                  |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |
| LeptonAI              | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| LocalAI               | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| LM-Studio             | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| MiniMax               | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Mistral               | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Moonshot              | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| novita.ai             | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| NVIDIA                | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| Ollama                | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| OpenAI                | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| OpenAI-API-Compatible | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| OpenRouter            | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| PerfXCloud            | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Replicate             | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| SILICONFLOW           | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| StepFun               | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Tencent Hunyuan       | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Tencent Cloud         |                    |                    |                    |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |
| TogetherAI            | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| Tongyi-Qianwen        | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Upstage               | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| VolcEngine            | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |
| Voyage AI             |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| Xinference            | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| XunFei Spark          | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Youdao                |                    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |
| ZHIPU-AI              | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |                    | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |
| 01.AI                 | :heavy_check_mark: |                    |                    |                    |                    |                    |

```mdx-code-block
</APITable>
```

:::note
The list of supported models is extracted from [this source](https://github.com/infiniflow/ragflow/blob/main/rag/llm/__init__.py) and may not be the most current. For the latest supported model list, please refer to the Python file.
:::
